feat(op): comprehensive metrics documentation (#37924)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/destinations/amazon_opensearch.md

|----------------|-------------------|---------------------|
| None           | 10                | 1                   |

## Metrics

> For the [component metrics](/observability_pipelines/monitoring/metrics/#component-metrics) and [destination buffer metrics](/observability_pipelines/monitoring/metrics/#destination-buffer-metrics) emitted by all destinations, see the Observability Pipelines Metrics documentation. This destination emits metrics with the `component_type` tag set to `elasticsearch`.

Reviewer: These links need to be in the link list below. I know we are linking to the specific sections, let's also link to the main Pipeline Usage Metrics doc: https://docs.datadoghq.com/observability_pipelines/monitoring_and_troubleshooting/pipeline_usage_metrics/

```suggestion
For [component metrics](/observability_pipelines/monitoring/metrics/#component-metrics) and [destination buffer metrics](/observability_pipelines/monitoring/metrics/#destination-buffer-metrics) emitted by all destinations, see the Pipelines Usage Metrics documentation. To filter or group by Elasticsearch destination metrics, add the tag `component_type:elasticsearch`.
```
